Docs - Develop - Core Concepts - Core Contracts (#1236)
iotaledger/wasp: documentation/docs/guide/core_concepts/core_contracts/accounts.md

Returns the fungible tokens owned by the given Agent ID on the chain.

#### Parameters

- `a` (`AgentID`): The account Agent ID.

#### Returns

> A map of [`TokenID`](#tokenid) => `big.Int`. An empty Token ID represents the L1 base tokens (a key with length 0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A map of [`TokenID`](#tokenid) => `big.Int`. An empty token ID (a string of zero length) represents the L1 base token.
```

### `balanceBaseToken(a AgentID)`

Returns the amount of base tokens owned by any AgentID `a` on the chain.

#### Parameters

- `a` (`AgentID`): The account Agent ID.

#### Returns

- `B` (`uint64`): The amount of base tokens in the account.

### `balanceNativeToken(a AgentID, N TokenID)`

Returns the amount of native tokens with Token ID `N` owned by any AgentID `a`  on the chain.

#### Parameters

- `a` (`AgentID`): The account Agent ID.
- `N` ([`TokenID`](#tokenid)): The Token ID.

#### Returns

- `B` (`big.Int`): The amount of native tokens in the account.

### `totalAssets()`

Returns the sum of all fungible tokens controlled by the chain.

#### Returns

> A map of [`TokenID`](#tokenid) => `big.Int`. An empty Token ID represents the L1 base tokens (a key with length 0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A map of [`TokenID`](#tokenid) => `big.Int`. An empty token ID (a string of zero length) represents the L1 base token.
```
